Cure is better than prevention

# What's going in the system?
	What is happening

# Observation
	What is happening but why is it happening?
	to get full picture.
	
	3 Telemetry data ::>> Metrics,Traces & Logs
	
	1. Metrics with time stamps
	2. Traces
	3. Logs (Collection of information)
			Security {logout/login}
			Access logs {}
			Application logs
	 

# Monitoring
	What?
		Monitoring is the act of paying attention to the patterns of the metrics that are collected. Its about analyzing the data  and acting on it.
	What to monitor?
		Performance
			Host
			Applications
		Security
		Usage
			Customer Engagement

	whom to Alert?
		Alerts are setting up a predefined threshold in a monitor. Notify the receptionist if threshold is breached.

	Alert Fatigue?
		Over alerting,noise...
		Catch signals and filter noise.
		If everything is emergency..then nothing is emergency.

# Metrics
	Metrics are numerical values that can track anything about environment over time, from latency to error rates to user singnups.
	Why::
	1. Baseline for operations
	2. Proactive/Reactive Responses
	
	What::
		Key system metrics 
		Business objectives 
		On-demand access
	Advantages::
	1. Just in time provisioning
	2. Ahead of the issues
	
	# 4 Golden signals (LTES)
	
		Latency
		Traffic
		Error
		Saturation
# Logs
	Why?
	1. Compliance
	2. Insight into resource
	3. Security
	4. Troubleshooting
	5. Auditing
	6. Monitoring the logs
	7. Alerts on basis of content 
	8. Trailing of History

	How?
	1. Everything Hardware/Software
	Storage?
		Compliance requirements.
		Which are useful?
		Cost
	Consolidate/Process?--Data Dog
		Live Tail
		Generate Metrics
		Retain within indexes
		Detect patterns and Anomalies
		Archives

	Events
		Perspective and Context
# Trace
	
	Trace,Span
	
	A trace is used to track the time spent by an application processing a request along with the execution path taken.

	A portion or individual of work in the trace

	Micro services
		What's going on all these services
	Optimization Opportunities
	Troubleshooting
		Where and what went to wrong
	DD tie up metrics,traces and logs
# Power of 3
	Get more effective insights from data
	Scale and grow at the speed it needs
	Correlate data from your entire network — including containers and microservices
	Accelerate  move to the cloud or not?
	
		
# Alerting
	1. Metrics-based alerts 
		1. State     [Numbers based on a particular time]
		2. Threshold [Numbers over time]
		3. Logs [Based on frequency of events]
	

# 
