#What observing

	Latency (Time to service a request Performance )
	Traffic (requests/second - No of jobs completed Threshold/Throughput )
	Error (Error rate of requests)
	Saturation (fullness of a service)
	
	Velocity
	Direction
	Quality
	
	4 Phases
		1. Collect [Data Available]
		2. Monitor [Visualize/Alerting]
		3. Analyze	[Insights ]
		4. Fix		[Troubleshoot and fix any issues]
	
	What to expect from Enterprise Systems
	1. Automation
	2. Context [Dependency Graphs]
	3. Action

	
# Why - 3 Reasons
	Metrics, traces and logs can help you address three of the most vital issues for data-driven, digital organizations:
	• Complexity
		Cloud Adoption, Cloud Security, Growing infrastructure
		Detecting underlying issues and pinpointing root causes
		Multiple tools and frameworks .. creates even more silos and discouraging collaboration
	• Cost
		Don’t have full visibility into your entire cloud stack,
		waste capacity on abandoned projects and in efficient utilization,running up bills
	• Customer experience
		Outages and performance degradations are the enemy.
		often outdated, insufficient monitoring solutions

	given the increased complexity of the modern infrastructure and the undisputed need for better monitoring higher in the stack, and deeper in the system.

# Parties
	Development Teams
	DevOps teams
	Architects
	Business/Product teams
# 3 Pillars
	• Detect       - Metrics (Seconds, SLIs/KPIs)
	• Troubleshoot - Traces  (Seconds to minutes, Dependencies, higher cardinality)
	• Root cause   - Logs	 (Minutes to hours, Unlimited detail)

	Environments and applications have increased in complexity, metrics and traces were added to logs to form a more comprehensive picture.
	
# Debugging for complex systems is an iterative process
	• First, start with a high-level metric.
	• Then, drill down and detangle based on fine-grained data and observations.
	• Finally, make the right deductions based on the provided evidence.

# Everything is an event, but an event is not everything
	
	Metrics present a specific measurement of a system over time.
	
	Metrics, traces and logs are all events that overlap, but they provide different types of information that, taken together, paint a complete picture
	Metrics are numerical data points captured over time that can be compressed, stored, processed and retrieved far more efficiently than events.