# ID creation
	1. IDs should be unique
	2. IDs should be sortable by time
	3. Size
		 64-bit sequence number generator l
	4. Types
		Global IDs
		Local IDs
	5. Use ID_Generator as Separate Service/Process

# Service discovery

The primary role of service discovery is to recommend the best  server for a client based on the criteria like geographical location, server capacity, etc. Apache Zookeeper is a popular open-source solution for service discovery. It registers all the available  servers and picks the best  server for a client based on predefined criteria.

	What is ZooKeeper?

ZooKeeper is a centralized service for maintaining configuration information, naming, providing distributed synchronization, and providing group services. All of these kinds of services are used in some form or another by distributed applications. Each time they are implemented there is a lot of work that goes into fixing the bugs and race conditions that are inevitable. Because of the difficulty of implementing these kinds of services, applications initially usually skimp on them, which make them brittle in the presence of change and difficult to manage. Even when done correctly, different implementations of these services lead to management complexity when the applications are deployed.

# Video/Streaming Protocols
	

    MPEG–DASH. MPEG stands for “Moving Picture Experts Group” and DASH stands for "Dynamic Adaptive Streaming over HTTP".

    Apple HLS. HLS stands for “HTTP Live Streaming”.

    Microsoft Smooth Streaming.

    Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming (HDS).

     video to be played smoothly on other devices, the video must be encoded into compatible bitrates and formats. 
     encoding formats are available; however, most of them contain two parts:

    Container: This is like a basket that contains the video file, audio, and metadata. You can tell the container format by the file extension, such as .avi, .mov, or .mp4.

    Codecs: These are compression and decompression algorithms aim to reduce the video size while preserving the video quality. The most used video codecs are H.264, VP9, and HEVC.
