# Rate limiters
	1. What kind of rate limiters are we going to design? Is it a client-side rate limiter or server-side API rate limiter?
	2. Does the rate limiter throttle API requests based on IP,the user ID or other properties?
	3. What is the scale of the system? Is it built for a startup or a big company with large user base?
	4. Will the system work in a distributed environment?
	5. Is this rate limiter a separate service or should it be implemented in application code?
	6. Do we need to inform users who are throttled?
# UniqueID Generators
	1. What are the characteristics of unique IDs?
	2. For each new record, does ID increment by 1?
	3. Do IDs only contain numerical values?
	4. What is the ID length requirement?
	5. What is the scale of the system?
# Short URLs
	1. Can you give an example of how a URL shortener work?
	2. What is the traffic volume?
	3. How long is the shortened URL?
	4. What characters are allowed in the shortened URL?
	5. Can shortened URLs be deleted or updated?
	
# Crawler
	1. What is the main purpose of the crawler? Is it used for search engine indexing, data mining or something else?
	2. Search Engine indexing
	3. How many web pages does the web crawler collect per month?
	4. What Content types are included? HTML only or other content type such as PDFs and images as well?
	5. Shall we consider newly added or edited web pages?
	6. Do we need to store HTML pages crawled from the web?
	7. How do we handle we pages with with duplicate content?

# Notification System
	1. What types of notifications does the system support?
	2. Is it a real-time system?
	3. What are supported devices?
	4. What triggers notification?
	5. Will users be able to opt-out?
	6. How many notifications are sent out each day?

# Feed System
	1. Is this mobile app or web app or both?
	2. What are the important features?
	3. Is this News/tweets/ feed sorted by reverse chronological order or any particular order such as topic scores? For instance, posts from your close friends have higher scores?
	4. How many friends can a user have?
	5. What is the traffic volume?
	6. Can feed contain images, videos or just text?

# video
	1. What features are important?
	2. What clients do we need to support?
 	3. What is the average daily time spent on the product?
 	4. Any file size requirement for videos?
 	5. Do we need to support international users?
 	6. What are the supported video resolutions?
 	7. Is encryption required?
  	8. Can we leverage some of the existing cloud infrastructures provided by Amazon, Google, or Microsoft?

# Chat

 	1. What kind of chat app shall we design? 1 on 1 or group based?
 	2. Is this a mobile app? Or a web app? Or both?
 	3. What is the scale of this app? A startup app or massive scale?
 	4. For group chat, what is the group member limit?
 	5. What features are important for the chat app? Can it support attachment?
 	6. Is there a message size limit?
 	7. Is end-to-end encryption required?
 	8. How long shall we store the chat history?

#	Search Autocomplete
	1. Is the matching only supported at the beginning of a search query or in the middle of as well? 
	2. How many autocomplete suggestions should the system return?
	3. How does the system know which 5 suggestions to return
	4. Does the system support spell check?
	5. Are search queries in English?
	6. Do we allow capitalization and special characters?
	7. How many users use the product?

#	Object Storage
	1. What are the important features?
	2. Is this a mobile app, a web app or both?
	3. What are supported file formats?
	4. Do files need to be encrypted?
	5. Is there a file size limit?
	6. How many users does the product have?