# Integration Patterns

# API Gateway service
	Provides a single point of entry for a group of services and handles common cross functionalities. 
	1. Authentication and Authorization
	2. Service Discovery Integration
	3. Response Caching
	4. SSL Termination
	5. Retry policies, circuit breaker and Quality of Service
	6. Rate limiting and throttling
	7. Logging,Tracing and Correlation
	8. Headers, query strings and claims transformation.
# Aggregator service
		Provides a single interface to user and system take of handling of calling different calls to fulfill that service. Client need to know the complex and order of these services to be called to complete the task.

# Proxy Pattern
	a variation of aggregator service where proxy service will call another service based upon certain criteria.	
	Provides one level abstraction on top of actual services.

# Gateway Routing pattern
	Client needs to know only Gateway details and call Gateway for all services and Gateway takes responsibility of routing them to respective micro service.
	
# Chained Microservices pattern

	Business logic is spread/extended by adding multiple services in a sequence or chain and executed in synchronously. 

# Branch Pattern
	Extended version of Aggregator and Chain pattern.
	One Service communicates with multiple services concurrently.

# client-side UI composition pattern
	UI Screen is divided into multiple section or composed of multiple responses from different services.
	It helps to map 1 to 1 mapping between UI screen section to micro-service responsible to render the data for UI to display.
	
Saga
CQSR
Single Responsibility
